# S01E01

1. There's nothing to tell. It's just some guy I work with.
3. Come on. You are going out with the guy. There's gotta be something wrong with him.
4. Alright, Joey. Be nice.
5. So, does he have a hump. A hump and a hairpiece.
6. Wait. Does he eat chalk? Just 'cause I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl - oh.
7. Okay. Everybody relax. Relax. This is not even a date. It's not. It is just two people going out to dinner and not having sex.
8. Sounds like a date to me.
9. All right. So back in the high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize that I am totally naked.
10. I've had that dream.
11. Then I look down, and I realize there is a phone there ...
12. instead of .... That's right.
13. Never had that dream.
14. All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring.
15. Now I don't know what to do and everybody starts looking at me.
16. There weren't looking at you before?
17. Finally, I figure that I'd better answer it.
18. And it turns out that it's my mother, which's very, very wired because she never calls me.
19. Hi
20. This guy say hello I wanna kill myself.
21. You OK, sweetie?
22. I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth, and tie it around my neck. Cookie?
23. Carl moved her stuff out today.
24. Let me get you some coffee. Thanks.
25. No, don't. Stop cleansing my aura . Just leave my aura  alone, okay? Fine, be murky .
26. I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone?
27. I hope she'll be very happy. No, you don't. No, I don't. To hell with her, she left me.
28. You never knew she was lesbian.
29. No, okay. Why does everyone keep fixating on that?
30. She didn't know. How should I know.
31. Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian. Did I say that out loud?
32. I told my mom and dad last night, and they seemed to take it pretty well.
33. Oh, really. So that hysterical phone call I got from a woman sobbing at 3 am. I'll never have grand children. I'll never have grand children. Was what? A wrong number?
34. Sorry.
35. Alright, Ross.  Look, you're felling a lot of pain right now. You are angry. You are hurting.
36. Can I tell you what the answer is? Strip joints!
37. Come on. You are single. Have some hormones.
38. See. But I don't want to be single, okay?
39. I just want to be married again.
40. And I just want a million dollars!
41. Rachel? Oh, Monica, hi. Thank god.
42. I just went to your building, but you weren't there. And this guy with a big hammer said that you might be here. You are, you are.
43. Can I get you some coffee? Decaf.
44. Hey, everybody. This is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor
45. This is everybody. This is Chandler, Phoebe, and Joey. Do you remember my brother Ross?
46. Sure.
47. So, you wanna tell us now. Or are we waiting for 4 wet bridesmaids?
48. hahaha...
49. Oh god. Well. It started about a half hours before the wedding.
50. I was in this room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat.
51. This really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat. And all of a sudden, I realized...
52. I realized that I was more turn on by the gravy boat than by Berry.
